Add `--rebase` option that calls rebase after commit (#59)
keis/git-fixup: README.md

$ git config --global fixup.commit true
```

### fixup.rebase

Or `GITFIXUPREBASE`

> Decides if calling a `git rebase` right after the `git commit` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decides if `git rebase` should be called right after the `git commit` call.
```
